So this is the full breakdown of the system i am building, of which this Alva portal is the front-end. 
I do not want to spend an extra coin on infrastructure, but if it's necessary, please provide the pros and cons and make a recommendation.
Data Source
Identify a data source for forex, cryptocurrencies, indices, commodities, CFDs, futures, stocks and bonds, plus any other market, that i can get an API Key for.
I prefer Bybit for forex, and the Metatrader api for the others. But if you have a better alternative, please suggest.
Analyser
Recommend a platform that I can use to design and deploy my algorithm, which will analyse this data, and generate trade signals, send orders, positions and their modifications.
Master Accounts
Recommend a platform that i can use to sign into a broker's account, place, edit and modify trades. Track balances, deposits, and make withdrawals. I recommend bybit for crypto and MetaTrader (Exness, or another broker that allows different users on the same broker to send money directly to each other, and this function can be triggered through the api.
There should also be a function to copy these trades to clients' accounts, mirror modifications and set risk parameters. To check for deposits and withdrawals, and to initiate withdrawals for part of the profits made.

Client accounts
Set up this Alva portal to set up and monitor client trades, balances, and to make withdrawals.

Admin portal

Set up the admin portal to sign in using admin credentials, which allows admins to track and modify and edit everything that is happening across the entire system.

Redesign the system completely, and make all this infrastructure in-house, and if you can't, recommend the platform and give me the step-by-step instructions, and what to fill/paste in the relevant fields.

Re-design the website, copying this website whose link is (https://kprverse.com/), add smooth scrolling and those kinds of graphics, motions, fonts, colours and themes. AI generate the kind of graphics and motions that would match well the vibe and aesthetic. Do this not only for the landing page, but also for the portal.

You may give me questions to get more specific instruction and context before you build, then build everything.



 

